(GUNSHOT)
(MAN GRUNTING RHYTHMICALLY)
Oh, yeah. That's it.
Right there.
(GRUNTING STOPS)
(MAN EXHALES)
It's 10.
That's all I got.
Fuck you, you little-dick
piece of dogshit.
Hey, how many bullets
can you get for five dollars?
What for?
Andy Warhol.
WOMAN: I thought we had what it
takes to make a marriage work.
MAN: We must make our marriage work, dear.
WOMAN: (EXHALES) I don't get it.
Do I not know my husband is a homosexual?
Uh...
No.
You divorce your husband, Taylor,
'cause he wants a surfer, too,
and, uh, he's gonna seduce Tom,
get Tom to urinate all over him,
and then Taylor's gonna say,
"I'm a real surfer now."
Uh, let's, uh, take a break.
It's been long enough.
I want my script back.
I'm sorry, Valerie, I can't find it.
You lost it?
That was my only copy.
You promised you were gonna make
Up Your Ass into a movie.
-Did you even read it?
-It was so obscene,
I thought you were an undercover
cop trying to entrap me.
You lost it on purpose.
'Cause you can't stand
to have a woman succeed.
(CLICKS TONGUE) Oh, Valerie,
you know women can't be serious artists.
Why not?
(SIGHS) Well, uh, women can be beautiful.
Be a model.
Or an actress.
I could strangle you right now.
I want to wipe that smug expression
-off your pale...
-(POUNDS TABLE)
...patriarchal face!
PAUL: Okay, that is enough.
We've indulged your tantrums...
-No! No! No! Don't touch me!
-...long enough, Valerie.
-You need to get out! Okay.
-Don't touch me!
(WOMAN GIGGLING NEARBY)
Isn't she great?
(GUNSHOT)
(ELEVATOR STOPS)
(INHALES, EXHALES DEEPLY)
I told you already, okay?
Andy's not coming in.
You can come back next week.
(IMITATES GUNSHOT)
(DOOR CREAKING)
Hi, Valerie.
(PHONE RINGS)
Factory.
Hi, Viva.
Uh, yes, he is actually here.
I can get him for you.
Andy, Viva would like
to talk to you, please.
WARHOL: Oh, no.
Yeah?
Valerie.
You put on makeup today.
You look pretty.
Valerie, uh, you can see
that we're really busy.
-You need to leave.
-WARHOL: Oh.
(WARHOL SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY)
-(WOMAN SCREAMS)
-Oh!
-(GUNSHOT)
-(WARHOL GASPS)
(THUMP ECHOES)
You had too much control over my life.
Down with the patriarchy.
Suck my dick, Warhol!
(PANTING)
-(GUNSHOT)
-(GRUNTS)
(WARHOL GRUNTS QUIETLY)
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
Breaking news out of
Brookfield Heights, Michigan.
Five people are dead and one is wounded...
...in an apparent
mass shooting at a crowded mall.
Residents were there for a campaign rally
for city council candidate Kai Anderson.
NEWSMAN: ...when area woman
Meadow Wilton opened fireon the crowd.
-We are impenetrable. We are...
-(CROWD CHANTING)
-(GUNSHOT)
-(SCREAMING, SHOUTING)
NEWSWOMAN:
Ms. Wilton shot the young politician
and then killed three more bystanders
before turning the gun on herself.
NEWSMAN: A second individual,
Allyson Mayfair-Richards,
is in police custody tonight.
So far, she refuses to speak.
"My wife's actions
were politically motivated.
"She wrote at length in her diary about
her anger over Hillary Clinton's loss,
"vowing payback against Trump supporters.
"She specifically mentioned
Kai Anderson as her target."
The eyes of the nation
are fixed on Brookfield Heights,
as Kai Anderson, the brave young man
who survived a would-be assassin's bullet,
awaits the results
of his run for city council.
I just found out
I'm polling 20 points ahead.
We won! Yes!
Yes! We did it! Thank you so much.
-Oh.
-(PHONE CHIMES)
Holy (BLEEP).
I just got a retweet from Eric Trump.
Can I help you?
I don't go for this theatrical bullshit.
You're bullshit.
A bullshit puppet.
I can see your strings.
You've lost your way.
All women have.
Used to be easy to know
a man-cult when you saw one.
Before the lies
that blinded us to the inequalities.
The male wants desperately
to be led by females.
He wants Mama to be in charge.
But we keep giving away
the natural order of things.
I know what it means to assassinate a man.
That pantomime the other night...
Wasn't that, let me tell you.
What are you?
Homeless?
Schizo?
You want a couple of bucks to get high?
Pretty convenient for her
to miss her mark like that.
She could have walked right up to him
and bam, right in the cock!
Why didn't she?
Reunion Hotel, room 12.
(CIGAR SIZZLES)
Give me a ring-a-ding
when you're ready
to hear the truth, sister.
(DOORKNOB RATTLES)
(DOOR UNLOCKS)
-Who the hell are you?
I'm Beverly motherfuckin' Hope,
and you're gonna want to get
the hell out of my way.
I don't have time for this bullshit. Kai!
KAI: Gentlemen.
This is not how we treat
a distinguished member of the press.
And our dear friend.
Come inside.
What's going on? Who are all these people?
Volunteers. From all over.
Milwaukee, Cincinnati, Birmingham.
-(GRUNTS LOUDLY)
-Looking to be a part of history.
It's all happening.
People are hearing us
and answering the call.
We're losing momentum.
Right now, people are terrified,
off-balance.
We need to build on that,
take it to the next level.
We need...
Fresh blood.
What the public is craving now
is stability.
I promised them law and order,
and I'm gonna give it to them.
That's not what we agreed to.
What happened
to setting the world on fire?
(MEN CHUCKLING)
Beverly...
You worry too much.
We've succeeded.
The nation knows my name,
and it's all thanks to you.
You've done a phenomenal job.
Now it's time to sit back for a moment.
Take a break.
Kai...
We agreed to equal power.
That's not what this feels like.
You need to trust me.
Trust is the only thing
that forges real partnership.
Did Meadow put her trust in you?
Meadow was a troubled soul.
I've got city council business
to attend to.
Keep up the good work.
-It's time to go, Beverly.
-Don't touch me!
(MEN CHUCKLING)
(DOOR UNLOCKS)
I've been expecting you.
Come in.
WINTER: So no one knows where she is?
The cops took her away.
She could be with the FBI
or the state police. I don't know.
God knows I wasn't gonna be
Ally's one phone call.
I called Samuels to check into it,
-but he won't pick up.
-You're wasting your time.
He's part of that sausage fest
in my brother's basement.
No girls allowed.
-So, you think Ally's going to talk?
-(KNOCKING)
(EXHALES) About what?
-She doesn't know anything.
-(KNOCKING CONTINUES)
That she can prove.
-You guys are closed tonight, right?
-Yeah, it's Monday.
What's so important that
you wanted us to meet here...
-Who's this?
-Her name is Bebe Babbitt.
She found me, and she wants to help us.
You ladies have really stepped in it.
Shouldn't she be talking to Kai?
No. That's the whole point.
We thought this whole thing
would get us some damn respect.
He promised us a seat at the table,
but now that he has this bullshit seat
and national fame,
he's doing what men always do,
-push the women aside.
-BEBE: Silly girls
are all stupid and doomed.
History may change,
but herstory always repeats itself.
It's true.
They con women into electing them,
then they defund Planned Parenthood
and force us to get
transvaginal ultrasounds
before we can get an abortion.
Tell them what you told me.
Tell them about Valerie.
Valerie was the love of my life.
She was an artist,
an intellectual, a writer, a visionary.
Her name was Valerie Solanas.
The one who shot Andy Warhol?
I learned about her in my
women's studies class at Vassar.
She was one crazy bitch.
The world was crazy.
She was the only one who was sane.
The bullets she put in Andy Warhol
were the first shots of a revolution.
(GUNSHOT)
By the time Valerie was 15,
she had given birth twice,
inseminated by her father,
or her stepfather,
it could have been either.
I first met her in her room
at the Chelsea Hotel in late '67.
She was 30 by then, and had just written
her masterwork, the SCUM Manifesto,
and would give stage readings.
It cost a dollar for women
to come listen, $2.50 for men.
"The male is completely egocentric,
"trapped inside of himself,
incapable of empathizing with others,
"of love or friendship,
affection or tenderness."
BEBE: The SCUM Manifesto
was the first time
someone had clearly laid out
the radical thesis
that men were the real problem in society.
Has a woman ever started a war?
-ALL: No.
-Are the polluting, Earth-murdering CEOs
of Standard Oil or Dow Chemical women?
-ALL: No.
-Do women wait
in dark hallways at night to rape men
as they come home from work?
-Heck, no!
-Hell, no.
-Do women molest their daughters?
-No!
-Do women pervert art
into commerce like some men we all know?
No.
BEBE: She collected a devoted group
of followers from those readings.
The street girls, hookers, throwaways.
There was Hedda, abandoned in an orphanage
until she aged out
and ended up on the streets.
Loxi, shittiest hooker
in all of Manhattan.
Martha, the only black bisexual pimp
I've ever heard of to this day.
And butchy May, who was on the run
for killing a guy down south somewhere.
VALERIE: Talk doesn't work with men.
The only way to win is to anti-assimilate
and play their game.
To do to them what they have been
doing to us since the dawn of time.
This planet will not move forward
until we get our hands bloody
and murder every fuckin' man on it!
I've got a few I'd like to shove
to the front of the damn line.
That's the spirit, Martha.
BEBE: Even though our mission
was to destroy all the men,
there were some who were allowed,
men like Bruce and Maurice.
They were creeps.
Masochists. And homosexuals.
SCUM stands for
the Society for Cutting Up Men.
Our goal is to kill all men
who are not a part
of the men's auxiliary of SCUM.
These include little limp-wristers
like Bruce and Maurice here,
who by shining,
flaming example, encourage other men
to de-man themselves.
Any man present must give a speech
beginning with the words...
I am a turd, a lowly abject turd.
And why should we let you stay, turd?
Because men have hurt me, too.
Rejected me.
Raped me in the showers in the barracks.
Fine, gender-traitor,
you can stay... For now.
Listen to this.
"The sick, irrational men,
those who attempt to defend themselves
"against their own disgustingness
"when they see SCUM
barreling down on them,
"will cling in terror to Big Mama
with her big, bouncy boobies,
"but boobies
won't protect them from SCUM."
(CHEERING, WHOOPING)
BEBE: We relocated to San Francisco,
where the culture was really happening.
Once we were settled,
the ultimate plan appeared,
fully formed in Valerie's beautiful mind.
(MUSIC PLAYING QUIETLY)
I don't want you to go.
Yeah, but wars need martyrs.
And they need to be loud.
We need to make them face
their greatest fear,
their pussy envy, and we need to do it
in the only language
that these half-apes understand,
and that's violence.
Remember what I told you?
About where to start?
Couple-busting?
VALERIE: It's not just men
who are the problem.
It's women who think that by
spreading their legs for a man,
they gain value.
They're lost.
So we have to kill them both
to send a message.
(LAUGHTER, CHEERING)
(CHEERING FADES)
What do you want us to do
when you're gone?
Get the fabric to make
the scum-colored cloaks
like I told you, and get the gun.
Then wait for my signal and go to work.
What's the signal?
You'll know.
(GUNSHOT)
BEBE: Shooting Andy was
the signal for us to act.
We staked out a lovers' lane,
picked the first couple we came upon.
-Wrong place, wrong time.
-(WHOOSHING)
Did you see that?
Oh, there's raccoons out here, ducks.
-(GUNSHOT)
-(GASPS)
DAVID: What the hell?
You could've killed us.
(THUMP ECHOES)
(SCREAMING)
(GUNSHOT)
SCUM is impatient.
SCUM will not be consoled by the thought
that future generations will thrive.
HEDDA: SCUM wants to grab
some thrilling living for itself.
WINTER: Hold on.
David Faraday and Betty Lou Jensen?
Those were the first victims
of the Zodiac Killer.
I've seen that Fincher movie,
like, 50 times.
It's my Baby Einstein.
You didn't kill them, the Zodiac did.
Haven't you been listening, ingrate?
That was Valerie's plan all along.
We were the Zodiac.
-IVY: The Zodiac Killer?
-They were SCUM killings.
All murders ascribed
to the so-called Zodiac
were really the work by the
Society for Cutting Up Men.
Except no men were cut up, were they?
Stabbed, yes. Shot.
And just as many of them were women.
What did I say? The plan was
to start with couple-busting.
To send the message to women
that coupling with men
would only get them killed.
It's all in Valerie's manifesto.
(GUNSHOT)
You look beautiful today.
Oh, thank you. (GIGGLES QUIETLY)
There's someone else here.
BEBE: Everything we did was meticulous.
Valerie planned everything
down to the last detail.
Pass it to the women, turd.
Hold it up.
Look through the sight.
What do you see?
LOXI: Crosshairs.
VALERIE: And in those crosshairs, men.
'Cause we're gonna use their own
invention to obliterate them.
And once we begin to rid
the Earth of this pestilence,
our fellow women will realize
they have nothing to fear
from the evolutionarily inferior male.
And they are going to rise up and join us.
-But a few of these bitches...
-(SCREAMING)
-...are gonna have to die first.
BEBE: Her assassination
of that phony Warhol was her signal
for us to begin her work.
It was the first shot fired
in a revolution.
Everything else she directed from her cell
at the Matteawan Hospital for
the Criminally Insane in New York.
And it was beautiful.
Everything according to plan.
But then someone
started sending letters to the newspapers.
VALERIE: Who the fuck is the Zodiac?
I'm speechless. I don't understand.
Somebody,
(OVER PHONE) some piece of shit man,
is taking credit for our work
by sending explicit details
of the murders to the paper,
then making people solve
this crazy crossword thing?
-It... It's a cipher.
-It's bullshit.
Some illiterate with a dick
is using our hard work
to gain attention for himself!
YOUNG BEBE: Well, it's good, isn't it?
They won't be looking for us.
It's ours. We thought of it.
We're doing it.
People should fear us,
not some anonymous man
who has trouble spelling simple words.
Then let's take credit.
-Let people know these are SCUM murders.
-No.
We have an agenda.
We do not release who we are
until 1,000 people are dead, okay?
We will reverse the power structure
and regain our rightful place at the apex.
Women will cut off the
dead weight of the patriarch
and divorce will sweep the country.
Valerie, you're not making sense.
Makes sense to me, and I'm the boss.
It's my manifesto. Not now.
YOUNG BEBE: Maybe this is
some elaborate trap set by the police.
I know exactly what it is.
The goddamn leeches, men!
They want everything.
Their egos won't let them
accept anything less.
They need to be the agents
of creation and chaos,
and they will not stop
until the whole world
is in their grubby little hands!
(PHONE SLAMS)
BEBE: While Valerie was in the nuthouse,
there was one other murder
attributed to Zodiac.
The taxi driver Paul Stine.
It wasn't us, it was the imposter.
The public had accepted
that a man was the killer.
His identity remained a mystery.
Once Valerie was out,
she made her way back to us
in San Francisco.
(GUNSHOT)
VALERIE: Some people go to jail
and find God.
(LAUGHS) One person
in my block even mastered
the flute.
But when I was in the joint,
I had an altogether
more personal epiphany,
one that I think will surprise
many of the people here tonight.
And that is that I, Valerie Solanas,
author of the SCUM Manifesto,
was dead fuckin' wrong about men.
I made a mistake.
I opened the door just enough
so that a few swingin' dicks
could come in.
I thought for sure
there had to be one or two
inoffensive men willing
to help with our cause,
but you know what I learned
when I was in the clink?
There are no exceptions.
Why don't you stand up, Maurice?
Come on, chop-chop.
Do it, turd!
Is there anything you've been
wanting to get off your chest?
Uh, I'm a turd.
Uh, an abject lowlife piece of garbage
-who's not...
-No.
I mean, yes, you are a turd.
But I'm looking for a
new confession.
Wh... What's that? A new play?
-Your next manifesto?
-Oh, come on,
I'm supposed to believe that
you never seen this, asshole?
That it wasn't wedged under your
bed as recently as last night
with a healthy collection
of beefcake magazines?
Same code, same handwriting
that was splashed across
the Chronicle, The Examiner,
-the Vallejo Times!
-We know you wrote the letters, turd.
It's not mine. I'm... I'm not the Zodiac.
Fess up, Maurice.
Just like a man to take credit
for the work
of a woman.
Valerie, please...
Valerie, please, I... I'm nothing.
-I'm a turd. I'm just a turd.
-You did this
to yourself, Maurice.
You've got no one else
to blame but yourself.
-(VALERIE YELLS)
-(SCREAMS, CRIES)
VALERIE: Nice watch, Bruce!
Your willingness to let
your fellow man, Maurice,
meet my blade while you
just stood by silently
says more about your sex
than a million manifestos.
I've seen your chicken scratch, Bruce.
No cipher can hide piss-poor penmanship!
(CRYING) I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry. I didn't want to.
I'm weak. I'm a weakling.
But I'm still a man!
(SOBBING LOUDLY)
-(SOBBING CONTINUES)
-VALERIE: Stand up!
-(CHAIR CLATTERS)
-Women of SCUM...
-BRUCE: No.
-...men have always helped themselves
to our glory.
-But tonight...
-(CRYING) No.
...there are consequences.
Tonight, we carve out our future.
-Tonight, we will say to the patriarchy...
-No!
-...to go fuck yourself.
-(SCREAMING, CRYING)
-Get him!
-(WOMEN SCREAMING, GRUNTING)
(WOMEN'S SCREAMS ECHO)
Poor fella.
His dick and balls are missing.
Uh...
No, they're not.
OFFICER: Betty Lou Jensen,
David Faraday, Darlene Ferrin,
Cecelia Sheppard.
These are the Zodiac killings.
SCUM killings, actually. But, yes.
You're telling me
you are the Zodiac Killer?
That's correct.
You got any proof?
No. I was not present
for the actual murders.
Well, where were you?
I was masterminding the whole thing
from the Matteawan Institute
for the Criminally Insane.
Uh-huh. I'm gonna ask you
to leave now, miss.
-(CHAIR CLATTERS)
-You are a fool to underestimate
the rage of a woman!
I've been married 20 years.
That's the last thing I underestimate.
I'm not your wife.
You can't just ignore me.
Your kind will be obliterated,
killed off like dogs,
and SCUM will rule the Earth.
And you'll see. You'll all see.
No! Get your hands off me!
-No! No!
-BEBE: It was like she had pulled off
the heist of the century,
and no one cared.
-I am the Zodiac...
-No one believed her.
It just made her snap!
We have to think bigger.
'Cause the man in the moon,
(LAUGHS) oh, he's a woman, my friends.
And when we're done,
no one will be able to deny
that SCUM was the dawn of the revolution.
So, guess what? I've made a hit list.
Some real disgusting motherfuckers.
Like this asshole, Hugh Hefner,
who's clearly threatened
by our feminine power,
so he subjugates
and attacks our self-worth
and our evolutionarily superior
female bodies!
Billy Graham, useless
fuckin' oppressor of women.
Bobby Riggs,
Steve McQueen.
Steve McQueen, he's the worst of all.
He took Ali MacGraw from us,
squandered her God-given talent,
and now she's a housewife
in fuckin' Malibu.
BEBE: Everything fell apart.
Our crew scattered.
Our momentum lost.
The schizophrenia had taken hold.
She wasn't making any sense.
I couldn't get through to her.
It broke my heart to see her like that.
I couldn't be part of it anymore.
Valerie never stopped.
Her mind just kept going.
Oh, she was convinced
the patriarchy was out to crush her,
and she set out to create
a definitive record
of every offense for all the world to see.
WARHOL: Oh, Valerie.
You've really let yourself go.
You've gained so much weight.
What the hell are you doing here?
You fucked with the keys
on my typewriter, didn't you?
That's just like you, Daddy,
always trying to impede
the progress of the female mind.
I'm here to set you free.
How can I be angry with you for operating
within your feminine means?
You just didn't know any better, so...
I forgive you.
(YELLS) I've had men trying
to shut me up since I was a little girl.
What is it about little girls
that scares men so much?
Why won't they let us
be artists or scientists?
Why is it only men who can create
"great art," as you call it?
The game is rigged, you know.
And the people making
the decisions, the critics,
they're all men.
You men, so terrified of what we might do,
you keep us stupid,
you keep us complacent.
You hold all the power.
(CRYING) Even now,
no one sees me as a writer,
no one sees me for my own thoughts.
When they hear the name Valerie Solanas,
they think "Andy Warhol."
You've taken my art.
You've taken my life.
You've taken my motherfucking legacy.
Who are you kidding?
Shooting me will be the only
thing you'll be remembered for.
I am your legacy.
(CHUCKLES)
(YELLS)
(CAR HORN HONKS IN DISTANCE)
She had been beaten down
one too many times.
She died alone, used up,
spit out by the world.
Like Meadow.
Like you all will be
if you let your minds be twisted up
by the machinations
and petty squabbles of men.
We're just cannon fodder.
Expendable.
You must reclaim the power
before the maggots take you whole.
Before it's too late.
We have to strike back.
And this time,
we won't miss.
Do you think they'd be proud of me?
What I've accomplished?
Yeah. Why are you asking?
There's just so much pressure on me now.
Am I worthy
of the responsibility that's
been hoisted upon my shoulders?
You can be screwed up,
and I don't agree with everything you do,
but you're my brother
and I love you.
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
The crown is heavy, Winter.
I'm making hard choices,
every day.
Even harder ones going forward.
This thing we're putting together,
it's real,
and it's gonna change the world.
But I can't do it alone.
Followers are followers.
I tell them what they want
to hear, and they will obey me.
You and me
are family, though.
That matters.
I need to know I can count on you, Winter.
Can I count on you?
Of course. What the hell, Kai?
(SOFTLY) Thanks.
Hey, Winter?
What's this?
I found it in your room when
I was looking for your Adderall.
It's just one of my old college books.
The ramblings of some crazy bitch.
No.
No, no, no, no.
(EXHALES)
Don't say that.
I was reading this, and it is...
Fascinating.
Inspiring.
Really?
I've gotten this far on personality.
Charisma got me in the door,
but to take it to the next level,
I need a philosophy, a mission statement,
something they can put
in the history books.
Preferably,
(CHUCKLES) with a catchy title.
So... You're gonna write a book?
No, I don't have time for that shit.
I'm just gonna release something
on social media.
But...
I was testing out titles like... SCUM.
What do you think of FIT?
Fear Is Truth.
What about...
MLWB?
Men Lead...
Women Bleed.
I think that one
might piss off the wrong people.
Yeah, I didn't like that one, either.
That one was Harrison's idea.
I think he's got
a serious hang-up about women.
(KAI SIGHS HEAVILY)
Anyway...
(CLEARS THROAT SOFTLY)
Thanks for talking, sis.
Can I have some more alone time
with Mom and Dad?
No problem. I've got some shit
I got to take care of anyway.
Say hi to the girls for me.
HARRISON: I spoke to Kai earlier.
He has no idea.
IVY: That's good.
It's supposed to be a surprise.
HARRISON: Yeah.
He deserves a victory party.
Hey. You know what I want to make for him?
The Iron Throne from Game of Thrones.
Some of the guys
that have joined us are welders,
and I have these prop swords
from The Golden Compass,
one of Nicole's lesser successes.
(SIGHS)
(WHISPERS) It's gonna be awesome.
Kai's your king?
Don't you think that's a little too much?
What do you know about anything?
HARRISON: Uh... Are we early?
WINTER: No. You're right on time.
You were supposed to get Kai.
Where is everybody?
The surprise is,
you're the guest of honor.
"The male likes death.
It excites him sexually,
"and, already dead inside,
"he wants to die."
Who's this crazy bitch?
(SAW WHIRRING)
(GRUNTING, SHRIEKING)
(QUIETLY) Jesus.
What do you want from me?
-Answers.
-Okay.
-(SAW STOPS)
-What happened to Meadow?
Kai wanted Ally to save her.
So I let her do it.
I didn't know she was gonna
-blow her own brains out.
-You should have known.
You were her husband,
and you let her be manipulated.
Oh, now you want to talk
about protecting our wives?
I just drove my wife crazy.
I didn't get her killed!
(BREATH TREMBLING)
Her death
had more meaning than any moment
in her pathetic life.
And you know that.
And this is all Kai!
Kai's the genius!
He's the author of everything!
WINTER: What about Men Lead, Women Bleed?
-You came up with that.
-What? No, I didn't.
Even if you just said it to impress
your new SS-wannabe boyfriends,
it's disgusting.
I never said it!
BEVERLY: Now would be the time to deny it.
Not that we would ever believe you.
You of all people know what
it's like to be marginalized,
pushed out.
You're a gay man.
-I'm a man!
-(SAW WHIRRING)
-And we are SCUM!
-No!
(HARRISON SCREAMING)
(SCREAMING CONTINUES)
Put him out of his misery.
HARRISON: No!
(SCREAMS)
This is Beverly Hope reporting.
Violence has erupted in
Brookfield Heights once again
with the macabre murder
of Funtime Fitness Gym trainer
Harrison Wilton.
Pieces of Mr. Wilton's dismembered corpse
were found by joggers early this morning,
placed in a grisly arrangement.
The body was covered in a film of scum
from the pond behind me.
Police have yet to determine a motive,
but due to the gruesome nature
of the crime,
believe the killing could be
in retaliation to the shooting
committed by the victim's wife,
Meadow Wilton.
Clearly, the promise of law and order
in Brookfield Heights is not being kept.
I can only pray this latest murder
is not a sign of things to come.
This is Beverly Hope.
Back to you in the studio.
(TURNS TV OFF)
They're at their best when they're angry.
Don't you think?
Aren't we all?
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)